`Contributing Guides` - Clarify `None` value handling for data sources (#32445)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: contributing/topics/schema-design-considerations.md

}
```

> > **Note:** The above guidance applies to resources. For data sources, the `Read` function should return whatever value is retrieved from Azure, including `None`, rather than converting it to an empty value.

Reviewer: minor suggestion as the schema design guidance here is aimed towards not exposing `None` as a user-specifiable option but for any computed only attribute we can set it into state, including for resources

```suggestion
> **Note:** The above guidance applies to any user-specifiable properties. For properties that are computed only, the `Read` function should return the value that is retrieved from Azure, including `None`, rather than converting it to an empty value.
```

Author: Updated, thanks for clarifying! 🥇
